= Bizarroids Settings

Flexible settings for Rails application. This is a part of The Bizarroids.

== Installation

Add it to your Gemfile:

  gem 'bizarroids_settings'

Run the following command to install it:

  bundle install

Run the generator:

  rails generate bizarroids:settings:install

== Configuraton

Edit +config/initialisers/bizarroids_settings.rb+. You can create options using folowing syntax:

  config.option :key, :string, value: 'MyString', other: :options

Avaliable types:

- string
- integer
- float
- boolean
- text
- date
- datetime
- file

Avaliable options:

* name - gives user readable name to the option. It would be show in admin panel.
* description - description to show in admin panel.
* require - if set true, prevents user to set empty value.
* hidden - if set true, hides option from user in admin panel.
* collection - (+collection: [1, 2, 3]+) forses user to select given values instead of enter in input field.

Some additional configuration can be found +config/initialisers/bizarroids_settings.rb+

== Usage

Link for admin panel

  bizarroids_settings_menu_link

If you use cancancan place in your ability.rb somthing like

  can :manage, Bizarroids::Settings::Option

if don't, place in config/initialisers/bizarroids_settings.rb

  config.use_cancancan = false

To get value for :key

Get:

  Bizarroids::Settings.get(:key)
  Bizarroids::Settings[:key]

Set:

  Bizarroids::Settings.get(:key) = 'my value'
  Bizarroids::Settings[:key] = 'my value'

== TODO

* image styles for file field
* Tests

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.
